<h1>KT Live Queue Processor Documentation</h1>

<h2>Architecture</h2>

<p>The KTLive Queue Processors currently consist of a CLI (ktservlets.jar) and RESTful ktservlets.war applications. These and any
other packages in this repo will facilitate execution of work payload retrieved from the KT Live Queue System.
</p>
<h2>Building</h2>
<p>In command line, change to the root directory (the directory with the build.xml file in it), type ant and hit enter.<br/>
This effectivley builds the ktservlets.jar as well as the dists/ktservlets.war. </p>

<h2>Testing</h2>
<p>The ktservlets.jar file has a class called Tests.class that contains a simple test run of document metadata insertion for now.<br/>
to run this in a command line:<br/>
java -jar ktservlets.jar <path_to_source_document> <path_to_dest_document> <br/>
<br/>This class should be modified to test changes made to the core API. There are plans to implement jUnit test framework.</p>

<h2>Deploying the WAR for RESTFul interaction.</h2>
<p>
The WAR archive can be hot deployed to any servlet container. However Apache Tomcat version 6 was used for testing. Once deployed, you'll<br/>
be able to invoke restful operations in order to write metadata to a document. The document has to be uploaded via the call as well.<br/>
The curl command to upload a document for metadata insertion is as follows:<br/>
curl "http://localhost:8080/ktservlets/metadata/update?literal.doc_id=1234&metadata.doc_id=newid007" -F "myfile=@knowledgetree-document-integration-interface-guide.pdf"
</p>
<h2>Known Issues</h2>
<p>There's an inconsistency in the way ant call's javac in the build.xml when compared with the way it's done in the Makefile. This behavior can cause the KTMetadata.java<br/>
to not compile if just running ant.<br/>
The solution to this is to run "make" to compile the classes into the build directory and to run "ant" afterwards to generate the .jar and .war files. </p>

